update documentation (#371)
CodeIntelligenceTesting/cifuzz: docs/Getting-Started.md

# Getting started

**cifuzz** commands will interactively guide you through the needed
options and show next steps. You can find a complete list of the available
commands with all supported options and parameters by calling `cifuzz command

> --help` or
> [here](https://github.com/CodeIntelligenceTesting/cifuzz/wiki/cifuzz).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--help` or read about them
[here](https://github.com/CodeIntelligenceTesting/cifuzz/wiki/cifuzz).
```

1. To initialize your project with cifuzz just execute `cifuzz init` in the root
directory of your project. This will create a file named `cifuzz.yaml`
containing the needed configuration and print out any necessary steps to setup
your project.

2. The next step is to create a fuzz test. Execute `cifuzz create` and follow
the instructions given by the command. This will create a stub for your fuzz

> test, lets say it is called `my_fuzz_test_1.cpp` and tell you how to integrate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
test, for example `my_fuzz_test_1.cpp` and tell you how to integrate
```

it into your project. You will find more detailed information in our
[Tutorial](How-To-Write-A-Fuzz-Test.md).

3. Edit `my_fuzz_test_1.cpp` so it actually calls the function you want to test
with the input generated by the fuzzer. To learn more about writing fuzz tests
you can take a look at our [Tutorial](How-To-Write-A-Fuzz-Test.md) or one
of the [example projects](../examples).

> 4. Start the fuzzing by executing `cifuzz run my_fuzz_test_1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Start fuzzing by executing `cifuzz run my_fuzz_test_1`.
```

**cifuzz** now tries to build the fuzz test and starts a fuzzing run.

## Generate coverage report

Once you executed a fuzz test, you can generate a coverage report which shows
the line by line coverage of the fuzzed code:

> cifuzz coverage my_fuzz_test_1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cifuzz coverage my_fuzz_test_1`
```

See [here](Coverage-ide-integrations.md) for instructions on how to
generate and visualize coverage reports right from your IDE.

## Regression testing

**Important:** In general there are two ways to run your fuzz test:

> 1. An actual fuzzing run by calling: `cifuzz run my_fuzz_test_1`.  The fuzzer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. As an actual fuzzing run by calling: `cifuzz run my_fuzz_test_1`.  The fuzzer
```

# Getting started

**cifuzz** commands will interactively guide you through the needed
options and show next steps. You can find a complete list of the available
commands with all supported options and parameters by calling `cifuzz command
--help` or read about them in the
[wiki](https://github.com/CodeIntelligenceTesting/cifuzz/wiki/cifuzz).

1. To initialize your project with cifuzz just execute `cifuzz init` in the
   root directory of your project. This will create a file named `cifuzz.yaml`
   containing the needed configuration and print out any necessary steps to

>    setup your project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   set up your project.
```

2. The next step is to create a fuzz test. Execute `cifuzz create` and follow
   the instructions given by the command. This will create a stub for your fuzz
   test, for example `my_fuzz_test_1.cpp` and tell you how to integrate it into
   your project. You will find more detailed information in our
   [Tutorial](How-To-Write-A-Fuzz-Test.md).

3. Edit the fuzz test stub so it actually calls the function you want to test
   with the input generated by the fuzzer. To learn more about writing fuzz
   tests you can take a look at our [Tutorial](How-To-Write-A-Fuzz-Test.md) or
   one of the [example projects](../examples).

> 4. Start fuzzing by executing `cifuzz run my_fuzz_test_1`. **cifuzz** now tries
>    to build the fuzz test and starts a fuzzing run.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. Start fuzzing by executing `cifuzz run my_fuzz_test_1`. **cifuzz** now builds
   the fuzz test and starts a fuzzing run.
```

## Generate coverage report

Once you executed a fuzz test, you can generate a coverage report which shows

> the line by line coverage of the fuzzed code:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the line coverage of the fuzzed code:
```

    cifuzz coverage my_fuzz_test_1

See [coverage IDE integrations](Coverage-ide-integrations.md) for instructions
on how to generate and visualize coverage reports right from your IDE.

## Regression testing

**Important:** In general there are two ways to run your fuzz test:

1. As an actual fuzzing run, by calling: `cifuzz run my_fuzz_test_1`.  The
   fuzzer will rapidly generate new inputs and feed them into your fuzz test.
   Any input that covers new parts of the fuzzed project will be added to the
   generated corpus. cifuzz will run until a crash occurs and report detailed
   information about the finding.

2. As a regression test, by invoking it through your IDE/editor or by directly
   [executing the replayer binary](How-To-Write-A-Fuzz-Test.md#regression-test--replayer).
   This will use the replayer to apply existing input data from the seed
   corpus, which has to be stored in the directory `<fuzz-test-name>_inputs`

>    beside your fuzz test. Note that this directory has to be created manually.

Reviewer 3: How about 

> This will run the fuzz test on all inputs stored in the `<fuzz-test-name>_inputs` next to the fuzz test.

instead? That avoids the term "seed corpus" we are trying to get away from.

   In case a crash was found, the directory will be created and the crashing

>    input is added to this directory automatically. The fuzz test will stop

Reviewer 3: These lines contradict each other about whether the directory is create automatically or not.

   immediately after applying all inputs or earlier if a regression occurs.

## Sandboxing

> On Linux, **cifuzz** runs the fuzz tests in a sandbox by default, to avoid the

Reviewer 3: On Linux, **cifuzz* runs fuzz tests in a sandbox by default to prevent them from accidentally harming the system, for example by deleting files or killing processes. Minijail is used for this purpose.
